table partition: tidb_enable_exchange_partition variable description (#9860)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

    - `RESTRICTED_VARIABLES_ADMIN`: The ability to see and set sensitive variables in `SHOW [GLOBAL] VARIABLES` and `SET`.
    - `RESTRICTED_USER_ADMIN`: The ability to prevent other users from making changes or dropping a user account.

### tidb_enable_exchange_partition

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `ON`

> - This variable is used to set whether to enable the `exchange partitions with tables` feature.

Reviewer: Please add a link to: https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/partitioned-table#partition-management

Please describe the behavior when it is set to `OFF`.

    - `RESTRICTED_VARIABLES_ADMIN`: The ability to see and set sensitive variables in `SHOW [GLOBAL] VARIABLES` and `SET`.
    - `RESTRICTED_USER_ADMIN`: The ability to prevent other users from making changes or dropping a user account.

> ### tidb_enable_exchange_partition

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### tidb_enable_exchange_partition <span class="version-mark">New in v6.3.0</span>
```

> ### tidb_enable_exchange_partition <span class="version-mark">New in v6.3.0</span>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### tidb_enable_exchange_partition
```

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `ON`

> - This variable is used to set whether to enable the [`exchange partitions with tables`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/partitioned-table#partition-management) feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set whether to enable the [`exchange partitions with tables`](/partitioned-table.md#partition-management) feature.
```

> - This variable is used to set whether to enable the [`exchange partitions with tables`](/partitioned-table.md#partition-management) feature.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether to enable the [`exchange partitions with tables`](/partitioned-table.md#partition-management) feature. The default value is `ON`, which means this feature is enabled by default.
```

> - This variable is used to set whether to enable the [`exchange partitions with tables`](/partitioned-table.md#partition-management) feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to set whether to enable the [`exchange partitions with tables`](/partitioned-table.md#partition-management) feature. The default value is `ON`, that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is enabled.
```

> - This variable is used to set whether to enable the [`exchange partitions with tables`](/partitioned-table.md#partition-management) feature. The default value is `ON`, that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether to enable the [`exchange partitions with tables`](/partitioned-table.md#partition-management) feature. The default value is `ON`, that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is enabled.
```

> - When `exchange partitions with tables` is disabled, if you attempt to use `exchange partitions with tables`, TiDB will return a warning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When this variable is set to `OFF` (that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is disabled), if you attempt to use `exchange partitions with tables`, TiDB will return a warning.
```

> - When `exchange partitions with tables` is disabled, if you attempt to use `exchange partitions with tables`, TiDB will return a warning.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When this variable is set to `OFF`, `exchange partitions with tables` is disabled. If you exchange partitions with tables in this situation, TiDB will return a warning.
```

> The value of this variable is always 'ON'. Setting it to 'OFF' will not take effect. This variable will be removed in a future version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This variable has been deprecated since v6.3.0. Its value will be fixed to the default value `ON`, that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is enabled by default.
```

> - This variable controls whether to enable the [`exchange partitions with tables`](/partitioned-table.md#partition-management) feature. The default value is `ON`, that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is enabled.
> This variable has been deprecated since v6.3.0. Its value will be fixed to the default value `ON`, that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is enabled by default.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether to enable the [`exchange partitions with tables`](/partitioned-table.md#partition-management) feature. The default value is `ON`, that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is enabled by default.
- This variable is deprecated since v6.3.0. Its value will be fixed to the default value `ON`, that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is enabled by default.
```

> - When this variable is set to `OFF` (that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is disabled), if you attempt to use `exchange partitions with tables`, TiDB will return a warning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - When this variable is set to `OFF` (that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is disabled), if you attempt to use `exchange partitions with tables`, TiDB will return a warning.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When this variable is set to `OFF` (that is, `exchange partitions with tables` is disabled), if you exchange partitions with tables in this situation, TiDB will return a warning.
```
